It was a beautiful day.
He has decided. That will be the place. He made plans. He prepared his things. Deleted all online trace of him, save for one thing. Mentally said his farewells to his friend, because at this point they all have already moved on, to better lives. He didn’t. He couldn’t. So he has decided.
He will end this, once and for all. And make one last adventure along with it.
He has his backpack ready. Some clothes, some water, some snack, some others miscellaneous items (roll of tape included for obvious reasons) and a piece of paper. He take the paper and use the tape roll and a scissor to firmly tape it to the computer desk, openly visible for his parents to see. He then sit down, open the computer, and use his email to send a prepared Word document to his parent, as if the physical paper isn’t already enough, then promtly delete his last email account. 
“All according to plan.”
He turn off the computer, then turn to his room. He wear a belt to his hip and slot his trusty bamboo staff in it. He would only bring one of them with him; the rest would be for others, if they actually care that is. He grab his personal knife from the table. It has a piece of tape attacted between the cover and handle to prevent accidents, and a piece of string attacted to the end of the handle to make a fine but rather itchy necklace. He wear it around his neck; the blade will keep his mind away from those thoughts for the journey. So he can enjoy the beauty of life fully for one last time.
He take a look as his watch on the table. It was dead for quite a while. It reminds him of the good times he had back then. A thought flashed though his mind. Maybe it’s not too late; maybe he can still turn back. But he didn’t listen to those thought. There wasn’t anyone to help him. No one to save him from his fall. If he turn back now, the only way he can go is down. Further, deeper into the abyss. There were no good choices. The one he’s picking now is the only choice to give him salvation. The only one to offer an escape.
He has no other choice.
He straps on his bicycle helmet and bring his things to the front of the house, really to move. He then take the glass of cocoa milk he had prepared yesterday night from the fridge and drink it in the frontyard while watching the scenery around him. It was much more beautiful today than what he usually remembered. Maybe he was too busy with other things to appreciate his surrounding. He will get plenty of chances to do that soon, he thought to himself. After finishing the drink (it was delicious), he drink some flesh water then move his bike to the road and put his backpack in the basket in front of it. He then lock the house’s doors and was ready to go.
“Uhmm… Wait. One last thing.”
He take a long bamboo stick from the corner of the shoe rack outside and then swing around with it a bit. He probably won’t be able to do it again, so he did it for a while. He then put the staff back to its place.
“Farewell my friend. You will be missed.”
He then hop on his bike, after closing the gate, and start riding.
His family is busy with their things so they aren’t gonna be back home anytime soon. His journey would be undisturbed.

He rided a lot in the following days. He had a lot of saved money (that’s just his thing) so expenses weren’t a concern for him. 
He felt… different in those day. His mind didn’t weight him down as much. Food is actually tasty and appetizing again. Drinking have this refleshing feel to it that he haven’t felt much before. Insomnia kinda just… went away. He also got to see a lot of beautiful place. All without the crushing thought of not being able to survive and fight hard enough to get a decent future weighting him down.
He was free. For the first and also the last.
Several days later, he had arrived at the destination. He was a bit low on supplies, so he went to buy some stuff. Mostly snacks and drinks for the final stretch. But there’s a slight problem: he still have much money left.
“Guess I’m a bit too good at saving money.”
He had a plan for that. And that plan involved buying lots of lottery tickets (for the one selling it), put them to neat little rolls with some rubber bands (he had that too), and then put those in kinda-hard-to-spot places all around where he’s at. Executing said plan stalled just about the right amount of time for his plan.
He went to the place, a while before sunset.
It was a rocky high place. The kind that just goes straight down, straight into rock and seawater. There wasn’t anyone around.
He sit there, just close to the egde, and take out some snacks and drinks.
He sit there, eating, drinking, and watching the stunning sunset in front of his eyes. It was just as sastifying as he had hoped it to be.
His stick wasn’t with him then. He had left it in another place, and bid it farewell. Now there’s only him. And there only one thing left to do.
He took a deep breath, then take a bottle of sleeping pills and consume it all.
From his research, he knew the odds are stacked against him, so he would do anything possible to make it lean on his side.
He take the knife on his neck, strap and tape it securely on his right hand, then remove the tape sealing the blade and unsheath it. Just in case the other two won’t work.
He then sit down, cross his legs and meditate for a bit to remove his nerves and put himself in a trance state.
He was ready.
He looked down. In his mind, there was’t fear. There was excitement.
He take a distance back, then run toward the cliff and then dropped, Assassin’s Creed style.
The only way to go… is down.
